cinema synopses spoiler alert in 1869
near Brantford New Hampshire two
brothers bury a chest and hope that no
one ever finds it a century later Alan
Parrish escapes a gang of bullies and
retreats to a shoe factory owned by his
father Sam
[Music]
he meets Karl Bentley an employee who
reveals a new shoe prototype he made by
himself
Alan miss places the shoe and damages a
machine but Karl takes responsibility
and loses his job after being attacked
by the bullies who also steal his
bicycle
Alan follows the sound of tribal
drumbeats to a construction site he
finds the chest containing a board game
called Jumanji
and brings it home at home after an
argument with Sam about attending a
boarding school Allen plans to run away
Sarah Whittle his friend arrives to
return his bicycle back and Allen shows
her Jumanji and invites her to play with
each roll of the dice the game piece
moves by itself and a cryptic message
describing the rules outcome appears in
the crystal ball at the center of the
board
Sarah reads the first message on the
board and here's an eerie sound Allen
then unintentionally rolls the dice
after being startled by the chiming
clock the game thinks you're late a
message tells him to wait in a jungle
until someone rolls a five or eight and
he is sucked into the game afterwards a
swarm of bats appears and chases Sarah
out of the mansion 26 years later Judy
and Peter Shepherd
move into the vacant Parrish mansion
with their aunt Nora after their parents
died in an accident on a ski trip in
Canada the winter before the next day
Judy and Peter find Jumanji in the attic
and begin playing it their rules summon
big mosquitos and a swarm of monkeys the
game rules state that everything will be
restored when the game ends so they
continue playing Peters next role five
releases a lion and an adult Alan
Oh as Alan makes his way out he meets
Karl who is now working as a police
officer Alan Judy and Peter go to the
shoe factory where a homeless man tells
Alan the after his disappearance
Sam abandoned the business and searched
for Alan until his death just four years
earlier realizing that they need Sarah
to finish the game the three locate
Sarah now suffering mental trauma from
Jumanji and Alan's disappearance and
persuade her to join them Sarah's first
move releases fast-growing
carnivorous vines stay away from the
walls don't touch anything and Alan's
next move releases a big-game hunter
named van pelt whom Alan first met in
the jungle tension the next will summons
a herd of various animals and a pelican
steals the game
Peter retrieves it but Alan is arrested
by Karl what is this about
no back in town the Stampede wreaks
havoc and then help steals the game
Peter Sarah and Judi track Van Pelt to a
department store where they set booby
traps to subdue him and retrieve the
game while Alan escapes from Carl's car
when the four returned to the mansion it
is now completely overrun by jungle
wildlife they release one calamity after
another until Van Pelt arrives and when
Alan drops the dice he wins the game
which causes everything that happened as
a result of the game to be a reverse
Alan and Sarah returned to 1969 as
children but have full memories of the
future events Alan reconciles with his
father and admits that he was
responsible for the shoe that damaged
the factories machine Carl is rehired
and Sam tells his son that he does not
have to attend boarding school Alan and
Sarah throw Jumanji into a river then
share a kiss in an alternate 1995 Alan
and Sarah are married and expecting
their first child Alan's parents are
still alive and successfully running the
family business he and Sarah meet Judy
Peter and their parents Jim and Martha
for the first time during a Christmas
party
Alan offers Jim a job and convinces them
to cancel their upcoming ski trip
averting their deaths on a beach two
young girls speaking French here drum
beats while walking as Jumanji lies
partially buried in the
sandé keep watching for some fun trivia
and easter eggs the dual casting of
Jonathan Hyde as both Alan's father and
the villainous Van Pelt is similar to
the custom in adaptations of Peter Pan
with mr. darling and Captain Hook being
played by the same actor Robin Williams
played a grown-up Peter Pan in Hook in
1991 breaking the fourth wall Peter
looks directly at the viewer after he
tries to break the padlock of the shed
with the axe the gun shop owner asking
Van Pelt if he's a postal worker around
the time of the movie there had been a
lot of news stories about postal workers
going crazy and shooting up their
workplaces from which we get the English
expression going postal
[Music]